i'm  in toronto ontario canada and i was just walking around the neighborhood with my best girl
melissa
this  chicken wire window you see behind me was in my dream for many many years
this  funny concrete step with a metal grill on it that's where
i  twisted my ankle twisted my ankle and a childhood tussle with gonzalo
gonzalez  was a year old and me and went on to be more or less profitable player
or  manetho her and they were plaiting his kids
incandescent  in the hospital
on  walking round showing her different locations for my life the house that lived in a
this  was the
the  school of my childhood years now in many ways transformed
what's  been done to the gardening and the
when  i was here as a kid we didn't have any of these trees and we didn't have any of this extensive
wooden  player here to show to none of this was here this was all usbeg flat
gray  concrete en
this  whole yard this was nothing but continuous flat featureless
concrete  no player is no
i  antoine
no  structures to climb on nothing to speak of it was one big flat continuous concrete area
and
and  the kids would play various crude games with a
all  this
we  tried to play baseball or die it was not easy to have fun and this part of the yard
to  be fair this actually a whole separate flare by and the schooner side which i
for  the purpose of this anecdote this flat gray concrete expense
led  to one of those bizarre moments of my relation involved
in  winter we had a remarkable day where a
film  of a
coalesced
play
and  we were all delighted it was as if nature had provided us
with  one continuous unbroken
and  we came out at recess
and  it was amazing i mean of course it wasn't flat there is a slight hill there are slight and professions to
could  slide in our little childhood boots over the whole gray area
this  concrete expanse that
and  such boredom was for once this glittering beautiful
in
and  then during that recess break i forget i think red
my
a  relatively short break for us to
am  of workers showed
a  sorcerer so salt
salt  that's what they call right these sacks
salt  they put to break up the
and  all of us kids gathered together
and  i mean my memory this is a little bit here i do think i was on the
i  said to the kids now you know we can't go i was not the only one i think me and i think my
you  know i remember saying no you know we have to stop them from destroying the ice
and  we stood there i think all of the kids would literally all of the children are
we  refuse to go back in the class
stood  there information and
like  i
we  like it i'm not kidding you
this  pro
i  don't know what the teacher thought of it like i have now if the tea
charming  or hilarious
or  if they were just angry that we were dead
a  class or something i don't know
come  out
to  all of us kids refused to go back in the class who are we were trying to physically prevent the
he  strode
and  the principal eventually came out of his office to look at we almost never saw the principle
when  i twist in my ankle i saw the prince i trust to my ankle the principle interrogated
me  trying to figure out who i was wrestling with when i got my ankle to a heathen i refused to talk i did
not  sell you out gonzalo gonzalez did not get suspended or punish because
to  rate
but  the principle we saw a very very rarely
and
anyway
it  was a
the  first principle was called like mister flint rock
called  mister gladstone will ease us of principles linares at sealskin of bizarre
inside  joke and so we called him mister happy peal
that  was like a joke on the rest
but  we always never saw the guy and the principal came out and you know the principal always
wore  suttie in the
formally  dressed like a politician
he  stood there and he said he said children
i  understand that you enjoy the ice
you  love the ice you don't want us to take
but  you have to retain the ice is a danger it's it's a health risk
believe  the people are going to
he  made this persuasive argument
we  had to allow them to
the
and  we went back to class
such  a sea and bizarre moment when all the children stood
together  abandoned together had a proper
chanting
we  like as we like you know again i don't want to like claim too much
credit  for it i do have memories of my own role as kind of an inn
probably  reflecting
i  was raised by political radicals to be a political it
and  frankly even reflecting the same attitudes mentioned here with carmine twisted and not reporting
the  salvatori is that you said this really deep assumption that ultimately it was us
verses
you  ultimately the principle is your enemy the authority figures or enemies the
we  as students we as kids that the band together and work together because the teachers are
arrogate
but  i don't know maybe some other kid who was there may be some one who was a year older or something would have a clear
memory  of who did what in the great ice pot
three  or something i don't even know dandies
a  little little kid
it  was way back
anyway  the only other footnote to the story is i mentioned
there  was one part of the score which you can't see here around the back that was not just
were  they had a player
continued  up until the year when i left
my  family moved to scotland we lived in so
but  when i was still a kid
the  picrate templet
it  was really dangerous the player we had
so  the government figured out had now some kid broke their legs or broke their neck or something with her was
some  inquiry from the provincial government at low this is a totally unsafe player
the  chapter down they were moved the only player in it so then there was this parentage a year or something
when  that also was nothing but a
anywhere  just eruptive mortarless
this  is a really odd mixed neighborhood there are both rich and poor here walking through the neighborhood
year  as an adult you know i'm struck by albany holehouses obviously are multiplied a has a
really  really wealthy
but  of course those were not the kids i met here
my  experience they but we are both rich and poor and middle class
but  obviously one of the rich people
this
this  was
so  i grew up with i mean gonzalo himself was a refuge
an  immigrant
immigrants  italian immigrants we ottiline
that  was just mentioned as to some refugees from check republic
fling  from
on  russia was one russian girl
so  it was a multi cultural school
he
true  like sort of like over this way there are rich people and over that way there are poor people in the neighborhood in school
you  know closely closeted
there  is a lot of wealthy
but  my experience of the neighborhood i was almost kind of blind
tell  wealthy
because  those were not
from  toronto ontario canada
we  like